Quoting a wise guy, be fearful when the
others are greedy. Be greedy when the
others are fearful. The VIX volatility
index aka the fear index measures the
expected volatility of the next 30 days
in the S&P 500. It is called the fear
index because generally spikes in period
of fear and uncertainty. But rather than
loading the boat in S&P 500 leverage
three times ETF as the VIX rises and
selling when it relaxes, run a big test
asking a simple question. What happens
if a band sell the S&P 500 at various
VIX levels? Historically, it looks like
buying as the VIX reaches levels between
40 and 55 and selling as it goes back
between 14 and 16 is optimal. But this
is not a financial advice. This is an
example to push you to become a more
aware trader. Leveraging the power of
your computer to test your ideas and
using your brain to understand the
results.